Updated the playbook section in this docs (#77747)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections_structure.rst

You can have most of the subdirectories you would expect, such ``files/``, ``vars/`` or  ``templates/`` but no ``roles/`` since those are handled already in the collection.

Also, playbooks within a collection follow the same guidelines as any playbooks except for these few adjustments:

 - Directory: It must be in ``/playbooks directory``.

>  - Hosts: The host should be defined as a variable so the users of a playbook do not mistakenly run the plays against their entire inventory (if the host is set to all) e.g. ``hosts: '{{target|default("all")}}'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Hosts: The host should be defined as a variable so the users of a playbook do not mistakenly run the plays against their entire inventory (if the host is set to all). For example -  ``hosts: '{{target|default("all")}}'``.
```

> To run the plays, users can now use such command as ``ansible-playbook --e 'targets=webservers'`` or ``ansible-playbook --limit webservers``. Either way, the collection owner should document their playbooks and how to use them in the ``/docs`` folder or ``README`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the plays, users can now use such commands as ``ansible-playbook --e 'targets=webservers'`` or ``ansible-playbook --limit webservers``. Either way, the collection owner should document their playbooks and how to use them in the ``/docs`` folder or ``README`` file.
```
